1)A landing page is index.html, which your viewers will land on. 

2) One or more navigational elements, such as a header bar, footer bar, or side menu. How you design the navigational element(s) is up to you, but your site should be easy to navigate. There should be no dead ends, and the user should not need to resort to the browser's navigation buttons to get where they want to go. Navigational elements should not scroll out of sight or disappear when the window is resized. Color and positioning of the navigational elements should be styled in CSS.
Two or more internal links. These should link to separate pages or specific HTML elements within your site. For example, a personal page might have an internal link to a "CV" page and another link to a "Hobbies and Interests" page. A company website might have a link to a "Who We Are" page and a "Products and Services" page. The styling of the internal links should match the styling of the rest of the site, and the navigational elements should be present. Internal links should open their content in the same browser tab as the site is being viewed in. The assignment links on our course web page are examples of this.
One or more external links. The external link(s) should open new browser tabs so that your site remains open in the user's browser. The GitHub and Piazza links on our course website are examples of this.
At least one HTML table, with CSS styling. Tables enable you to organize elements into columns and rows. Tables are a great way to display work or education history on a CV, or to constrain components (such as images and corresponding text) to display in rows. The schedule on the landing page of our course website is an example of table layout. With CSS, you can control spacing, borders (or lack of) and other visual aspects.
At least one interactive or animated component. Use jQuery or vanilla JS to give your website a little flair by having an animated menu, resizable item, or interactive highlighting. The way the rows of the schedule on our class syllabus page turn gray when the mouse is over them is a subtle example of how something like this can be used.
Attention to responsiveness. Your site should behave in a reasonable way when viewed on a desktop in a browser, and on a mobile device. Use CSS media queries
Links to an external site. to make sure that your site looks okay on different sized displays. You can simulate a device display using your browser's development tools. It is also possible to view your website running on localhost in another device on the same network by using the server's IP address as the URL. (The IP address to use is the one that http-server tells you it is serving to, which is not 127.0.0.1).